cloud: add faq about how to import specified columns, and delete outdated files (#14117)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/release-notes-2021.md

## October 21, 2021

* Open user registration to personal email accounts

> * Support [importing or migrating from Amazon S3 or GCS to TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md)

Author: ```suggestion
* Support [importing or migrating from Amazon S3 or GCS to TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/import-csv-files.md)
```
